CS351 Project Milestone 2 Answers:

Logistics: 

Q1) Our group has mixed availabilities, but we are mostly available after 5pm everyday. Our weekly meetings are scheduled for Saturdays 5:30pm.

Q2) 
 - On our upcoming weekly meeting on 10/4: We will plan out the preliminary project details like the scope of the project, what APIs we plan on using, the target/audience of the project, and general details regarding it.
 - Every week following that, we will have a weekly meeting to check in and advance in the project. This will include things from planning to the actual implementation of the project. If we decide to split the work, then these meetings can serve as a check in on how much progress we've made, any blockers we have, or any help we need from other teammates.

Q3) a: Our group will most likely communicate through discord for sending quick text messages, but if we need to schedule a meeting to discuss things in more depth, we will set up zoom/Google Meets so that we have screen sharing capabilities.

    b: Usernames (Discord):
		- Shimra: shim.mers
		- Abrar: abbrrr
		- Hau: loops9833
		_ Duong: kyra_2604

    c: The expected time to response to messages would be within 12 hours ideally!

Q4) a: If there’s conflicts between members, the members will private talk it out with themselves. If after that they are unable to resolve it or need a third party, the other group members will help to resolve the issue. 

    b: If someone isn't contributing enough, we will reach out to them and ask
if they might need help or if it's something else. 

Q5) Project Lead/Front End - Shimra
    Frontend - Duong
    Backend - Hau
    Backend - Abrar

Q6) We will be using Django + Flask


Full Stack Group Project Track

Track 1:
Problem 1: Creators’ works (text, art, music) are scraped into AI training sets without consent, leaving artists unable to prove authorship or assert rights when their content is reused by models

Solution 1: Invisible ownership metadata embedded in text, art, or music to help creators prove authorship if AI models misuse their work


Track 2: Technology for Public Goods
Problem 2:

Solution 2:

Problem 3:

Solution 3:


Track 3: Creative Coding and Cultural Expression
Idea - Story - Inspiration 4: We want to connect people from different cultures via cooking recipes. We aim to provide the origins, stories, and history via each recipe. Sharing recipes from serveral cultures provides a way for people to explore and appreciate diversity

Implementation 4: We build an interactive recipe journey wesite where user can learn recipes from different cultures. Each recipe includes origins, history, and meaning. Possible features are cooking steps, nutrition information, storytelling elements, timers, and cultural quizzes.

Idea - Story - Inspiration 5: We come up with an idea to introduce the history of UIC campus and make an interactive map for students. We want people to rediscover UIC campus in creative ways

Implementation 5: An application that navigate users in UIC campus where users unlock hidden characters or items tied to cultural stories and history. A UIC campus version could include scavenger hunts linked to real events, festivals, or student activities. Users explore locations, complete challenges, and collect digital “stamps” or rewards that guide them through cultural narratives and campus life.

